README.md, before:

HEDERA DEVELOPER CERTIFICATE LINK FROM HASHPACK WALLET NFT - https://explore.hashpack.app/nft/0.0.3872504/15127

# Agrorithm_IoTDashboard

Livestock Monitor App - Track and monitor livestock using blockchain technology


AgroRithm — Hedera Africa Hackathon 2025

Main Track: Track 2 – Fintech for the Future
Linked Sub-tracks:

🧑🏿‍🌾 Agriculture & Agri-Finance

🔗 Transparent Supply Chains

🌱 Sustainability & Impact Tech

🚀 Quick Start (Run Locally)

Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/AgroRithm.git
cd AgroRithm
Install dependencies

bash
Copy code
npm install
Start the local development server

bash
Copy code
npm start
Then open http://localhost:3000 

**AgroRithm** is a Hedera-powered **AI + IoT + DePIN agri-fintech ecosystem** connecting farmers, herders, and cooperatives across Africa. It enables **smart contract payments**, **IoT-triggered crop insurance**, and **PEACE token rewards** for sustainable practices — even **offline via BLE, GPS, and mesh sync**. Built with **React, Firebase, TinyLLaMA AI, and Hedera Hashgraph**, it powers **transparent supply chains**, **AI credit scoring**, and **farm-to-table traceability**. AgroRithm advances **Agri-Finance, Supply Chain Transparency, and Sustainability**, driving food security and climate-smart innovation using **Hedera’s carbon-negative infrastructure** for real impact in rural communities.

Commit message:

Enhance README with detailed project description
Expanded project description to include details on preventing farmer-herder clashes and the use of computer vision and IoT technology.

README.md, after:

HEDERA DEVELOPER CERTIFICATE LINK FROM HASHPACK WALLET NFT - https://explore.hashpack.app/nft/0.0.3872504/15127

# Agrorithm_IoTDashboard

Livestock Monitor App - Track and monitor livestock using blockchain technology to prevent farmer herder clashes in Nigeria and other african and global countries, use of Computer vision to identify cattle and trigger automated alerts to relevant livestock and security agenices when it attempts to intrude into private lands, firebase data logs from computer vision on central db and gps logs from our IoT devices, over time an AImodel detects the fulani herdsmen cattle grazing routes and predicts and make intelligent suggestions to prevent further clashes. Other web3, fintech and IoT features for farmers and herders in nigeria and Africa. Thanks to 3MTT DEEPTECH AFRICA AND HEDERA.


AgroRithm — 3MTT DEEPTECH HACKATHON BY DSN

Main Track: Track 2 – Fintech for the Future
Linked Sub-tracks:

🧑🏿‍🌾 Agriculture & Agri-Finance

🔗 Transparent Supply Chains

🌱 Sustainability & Impact Tech

🚀 Quick Start (Run Locally)

Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/AgroRithm.git
cd AgroRithm
Install dependencies

bash
Copy code
npm install
Start the local development server

bash
Copy code
npm start
Then open http://localhost:3000 

**AgroRithm** is a Hedera-powered **AI + IoT + DePIN agri-fintech ecosystem** connecting farmers, herders, and cooperatives across Africa. It enables **smart contract payments**, **IoT-triggered crop insurance**, and **PEACE token rewards** for sustainable practices — even **offline via BLE, GPS, and mesh sync**. Built with **React, Firebase, TinyLLaMA AI, and Hedera Hashgraph**, it powers **transparent supply chains**, **AI credit scoring**, and **farm-to-table traceability**. AgroRithm advances **Agri-Finance, Supply Chain Transparency, and Sustainability**, driving food security and climate-smart innovation using **Hedera’s carbon-negative infrastructure** for real impact in rural communities.
